Answer 1.A)
Answer 2.A)
Answer 3 B)
Answer4 A)
Answer 5 C)
Answer 6 B)
Answer 7 B)
Answer 8 A)
Answer 9 A)
Answer 10. The normal distribution is the most important probability distribution in statistics because it fits many natural phenomena. For example, heights, blood pressure, measurement error, and IQ scores follow the normal distribution. It is also known as the Gaussian distribution and the bell curve. 

Answer 11.  There are a lot of techniques to treat missing value. I am trying to think what is the best way to organize some of the most commonly used methods, if you use SAS to implement it -
Ignore the records with missing values.
Many tools ignore records with missing values. When the percentage of records with missing values is small, we could ignore those records.
Substitute a value such as mean.
When the percentage is large and also when it makes sense to do something to avoid bias modeling results, substituting a value (e.g. mean, median) is a commonly used way. But this method could cause bias distribution and variance. That’s where the following imputation methods come in.
Predict missing values.
Depending on the type of the imputed variable (i.e. continuous, ordinal, nominal) and missing data pattern (i.e. monotone, non-monotone), below are a few commonly used models. If you plan to do it in SAS, there are SAS codes that you can write to identify the missing data pattern.
Logistic Regression
Discriminant Regression
Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC)
…
Predict missing values - Multiple Imputation. Although there are pros & cons, MI is considered to be superior to single imputation, and it better measures the uncertainty of the missing values.
In addition, there are a few required statistical assumptions for multiple imputation:
Whether the data is missing at random (MAR).
Multivariate normal distribution, for some of the modeling methods mentioned above (e.g. regression, MCMC).

Answer 12  A/B testing (also known as split testing) is a process of showing two variants of the same web page to different segments of website visitors at the same time and comparing which variant drives more conversions. 

Answer 13 Bad practice in general
If just estimating means: mean imputation preserves the mean of the observed data
Leads to an underestimate of the standard deviation
Distorts relationships between variables by “pulling” estimates of the correlation toward zero
Answer 14 . In statistics, linear regression is a linear approach to modeling the relationship between a scalar response (or dependent variable) and one or more explanatory variables (or independent variables). The case of one explanatory variable is called simple linear regression. For more than one explanatory variable, the process is called multiple linear regression. 

Answer 15 The two main branches of statistics are descriptive statistics and inferential statistics. Both of these are employed in scientific analysis of data and both are equally important for the student of statistics. 
